there are affection as fuck the good thing already
we have the first titles for the
ninth album by britney
I can not be more excited let's go there
sweetheart that I contract with the
information because there is a lot
let's go back in time early
from the summer of 2014 oysters a news in
the one that was advertised out as a
new britney song that would launch
forming part of the soundtrack of the
movie search party a sheet music
a humor that would be treated in September
of last year 2014 finally not even that
soundtrack or the movie have been
premiered and has been postponed without a date
defined premiere so all this
could continue standing and uruguay would be a
of the songs that would be part of the
new job the wind speed and that
would also be part of the band
sound of the movie search party that
yes it is true all this we hope that
announce very soon to the movie to
have that song as soon as possible
britney we are in need in vein
because it is because we can not
let's give some credibility to
gray that I saw that is a page that
formerly it was exclusive to provide
this information from espn espnews and now
it's information about all the artists
pop has sold a little bit the page them
we have caught a little mania but good
let's put it aside and let's give
a little reliability according to the page
ruiz javi already brought us this rumor of
film craft and gas area that finally is
true but they looked for
January or December with the light that
denounced and finally you see our
education things really that to collation is
real and it 's done well he said
that would have recently needed three
new songs apart from that other web
that he has registered for a long time
processed to three new songs one
it would be a cover of a song from us in
the one that was released relatively does very
little three or four years it's called
faders there is a song a pop tempo
electronic that I loved and that the
true that he has sued me with the voice of
bing my head and it's apotheosis is
apotheosis
please that this song is included
on the new album
already happened after having a cover of a
singer who had already released that was
for a singer for more masses
small so to speak that was the
song out from under out from under
included in the album the circus the ring
and a song that had already been recorded
own singer and had been released
well this would be the same case to see
six hours of work so that the
listen and flipe a little bit because it's
a spectacular but very well with the
that in blas posse imagine already by
principle is that or eyes the death or a
song like this was titled forgiven and
this one is unpublished is composed in
försterling taken who has worked in
songs like when the guangzhou like
not seeing from prison to releases those beginnings
of corner has worked with celine dion
half cyrus and ashley tisdale selena
gómez demi lovato instead of jazz and
yale and has recently worked his
most recent works have been with
stern and with each stay in the song
live line that I think is one of the
best of resurrection anastasia well
that the truth seems that it is going to be
pretty good song if we stick
what he has done well
more that has cracked me with print and
I forgot a song has worked
precisely at the front of which I hope
that I have spoken to you before so
we can probably expect some
pop ballad of electronic store a pop
European hopefully it's like that the title I like
in the composition of seeley pay who
well, I like it for what it has
done for what the artists that
they work another and the last song of
gesta de britney is jazz let me go that
probably that demo that if we
example a few years ago that made a
sample of the song from the side of
madonna the beautiful island the pimps god
it was called again that down if not
you have heard the truth that I
loved his time is focused more is
also the 2003 album and in the sound
but now I think they should update
the production and if it were like that then I
I would love that it is usually the new album
because I liked it a lot in tribute
I think Madonna's daughter does it
very good
it's ricky music that I think the king and not
It does not get very fashionable among
pop artists and I would love it to be
put on because I love music
reggae and if extracted from the hand of
Britney, well, much better, hear the truth
would love to want a new album
I called and in turn more
information that we know the number
rhythm work because according to their own
words is that it is a disk that is going to be
pop rock and that is going very slow but
is progressing the thing is the only thing
we know from the mouth of the mouth ring
by william orbit we know that it will be
producing some of the themes of
mouth of the line mouth we know that
is trying with all its
forces be part of the new album
but I think that britney is not going to
to leave and above all because it is there is my
intuition that max martin always been
involved in all the work of
rhythm and I think it's not going to be
less max martin sure that will make us
some new hit with britney and apart from
all this and zero tells us with that
britney last night we announced that before the
about the measures I was going to do and it's going to
take a south photos to promote something
surely for some magazine to
be the cover of any magazine and
promote something that will be that something your
wedding the line of lingerie that
has recently released new photos of
the spring-summer campaign
new single with her comes out to could be
or also feel the vegas we would put
promote one of those things or the three
At the same time I hope you give us more information
this interview is going to do to
some magazine in return from your side
to be able to be interests
some all the promotional photos of
the stiffness spring / summer campaign
of intimate connection you write the truth in
the fruits that have the short ones
the gorgeous have reached but there
another two was one that tastes like a
Pool is that it seems that Carmen Lomaña
stuck on the disney or cold road more
for the event that is not even the body of
vittorio the center looks super fake the
criticism we will also see how they are
coloma and then there's the other
developed knows it with red notaries
without giving too bulky pussy like me
has not liked the image is left
very bad and the red skin prix children them
you pass but to me always
remember me from rim and it's like that
fatal fatal the red women who is a
fixed measure I do not like anything red in
the lips of the ring and not out in red
of your life love happens so much over
news from britney you know that you
you can subscribe to follow us in our
social networks twitter facebook google +
instagram spotify
I leave you here under that subject
britney filtering the absurd audio and
writing ace in the fader run
You know that I loved it so that
listen and tell me in the
comments that seem both
songs see you in the next video
goodbye